README.md, before:

# Analytics Dashboard Development with React
This project involves the creation of a data analytics dashboard using React. It consists of a backend API and a frontend application.

## Authors
This project was created by the following people: - [@annween](https://github.com/Annween)

# Prerequisites
Before you can install and run this project, you must have the following installed on your computer:

- Node.js (version 12 or higher)
- Yarn (version 1 or higher)

## Technologies

- React (version 17 or higher)
- Recharts (version 2 or higher)
- Axios (version 0.21 or higher)
- Prop-types (version 15 or higher)



## Installation and launch
To install the project, please follow the steps below:

###### Clone the repository to your computer

### Launch Backend

1. Open a terminal in the root directory of the project
2. Go to the backend directory with the command `cd backend`
3. Install the dependencies with the command `yarn install`
4. Run the backend with the command `yarn dev`

#### Launch Backend on port 3000 

### Launch Frontend
1. Open a new terminal in the root directory of the project
2. Go to the frontend directory with the command `cd frontend/sportify`
3. Install the dependencies with the command `npm install`
4. Launch the frontend with the command `npm start` or `yarn start`

#### Launch FrontEnd on port 3001  

Front-End is now rendered at URL `http://localhost:3001` and the backend is running at `http://localhost:3000`

Commit message:

Update css, add mock API service, use destructuring props method, error handling, update JSDOC

README.md, after:

# Analytics Dashboard Development with React
This project involves the creation of a data analytics dashboard using React. It consists of a backend API and a frontend application.

## Authors
This project was created by the following people: - [@annween](https://github.com/Annween)

# Prerequisites
Before you can install and run this project, you must have the following installed on your computer:

- Node.js (version 12 or higher)
- Yarn (version 1 or higher)

## Technologies

- React (version 17 or higher)
- Recharts (version 2 or higher)
- Axios (version 0.21 or higher)
- Prop-types (version 15 or higher)



## Installation and launch
To install the project, please follow the steps below:

###### Clone the repository to your computer

### Launch Backend

1. Open a terminal in the root directory of the project
2. Go to the backend directory with the command `cd backend`
3. Install the dependencies with the command `yarn install`
4. Run the backend with the command `yarn dev`

#### Launch Backend on port 3000 

### Launch Frontend
1. Open a new terminal in the root directory of the project
2. Go to the frontend directory with the command `cd frontend/sportify`
3. Install the dependencies with the command `npm install`
4. Launch the frontend with the command `npm start` or `yarn start`

Go to URL `http://localhost:3001/dashboard/{userId}`


##### Use Mock Data
Go to the `frontend/sportify/src/utils` directory and open the `index.jsx` file. Change the import path from : `import {getSessions, getPerformance, getActivities, getUserData} from "../services/api";` to `import {getSessions, getPerformance, getActivities, getUserData} from "../services/mock";`

#### Launch FrontEnd on port 3001  

Front-End is now rendered at URL `http://localhost:3001/dashboard/{userId}` and the backend is running at `http://localhost:3000`
